Fix(AIGW): Vertex Auth Flow (#5095)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/ai-gateway/ai-providers/vertex.md

> - [AI Proxy examples](/plugins/ai-proxy/examples/)
> - [AI Proxy Advanced examples](/plugins/ai-proxy-advanced/examples/)

## Authentication with GCP IAM

Using {{ provider.name }} requires credentials from Google Cloud Platform (GCP).

The authentication chain follows the same order of precedence as the `gcloud` tool:

> 1. Service account JSON defined directly in the {{ provider.name }} plugin: `auth.gcp_service_account_json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Service account JSON defined directly in the AI Proxy or AI Proxy Advanced plugin: `auth.gcp_service_account_json`.
```
